ref: repro accepts outputs as targets (#2362)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/repro.md

                 [targets [<target> ...]]

positional arguments:

>   targets       Stages or output files to reproduce. 'dvc.yaml' by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  targets       Stages or outputs to reproduce. 'dvc.yaml' by default.
```

Reviewer: Actually, not sure about using the term "output" so much, per https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2357#pullrequestreview-629433013... Will comment in the core PR.

Reviewer: So let's apply the same as in https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/5273#pullrequestreview-630480437 here please, @Vonski. Thanks!

>   targets       Stage names or stage outputs to reproduce. 'dvc.yaml' by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  targets       Stage names or stage outputs to reproduce. './dvc.yaml'
                by default.
```

Reviewer: > Note: Maybe should read "Stages to reproduce, by name or by output(s)". Not sure, let's prob let it be for now...

There are a few ways to restrict what will be regenerated by this command: by
specifying specific reproduction [`targets`](#options), or by using certain
command [options](#options), such as `--single-item` or `--all-pipelines`. It is
also possible to use `--glob` and `--glob-stages` to match targets with

> [glob](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)>) patterns.

Reviewer: In https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/2362#issuecomment-815175098 I meant to mention that another way is to specify stage outputs (which will cause the whole stage to be reproed (right?)).

No need to change general info. about `--glob` in this PR (only further down to update it as per this PR's actual topic: stage outputs as `targets`.)

Author: I need a bit of clarification here. If we don't want information about `*glob*` flags here (thank you for pointing it out) I don't see what should be added to this paragraph, because I understand that from now on generic target could be also any defined stage output (and it is described in section about targets, to which `target` word links). So imo this part should be left as it was at the beginning (without any changes that I've added). Are we on the same page about that?

Reviewer: We were on the same page, yes.

  - `dvc repro -R pipelines/`: Directory path to explore recursively for
    `dvc.yaml` files
  - `dvc repro train-model`: Specific stage in `./dvc.yaml`

>   - `dvc repro model-output.xyz`: Specific output file in `./dvc.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `dvc repro model.pt`: Specific output file or directory listed in `./dvc.yaml` (`outs` field.)
```

  - `dvc repro modeling/dvc.yaml:prepare`: Stage in a specific `dvc.yaml` file
  - `dvc repro --glob-stages 'train-*'`: Pattern to match groups of stages

>   - `dvc repro --glob '*output*'`: Pattern to match groups of output filenames

Reviewer: an we use other patterns here? Maybe `?`

Reviewer: And please list this before `--glob-stages` (like further below).

- `-R`, `--recursive` - looks for `dvc.yaml` files to reproduce in any
  directories given as `targets`, and in their subdirectories. If there are no
  directories among the targets, this option has no effect.

- `--glob` - causes the `targets` to be interpreted as wildcard
  [patterns](https://docs.python.org/3/library/glob.html) to match for output

>   names. For example: `output*` (certain output names). Note that it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  files or directories. For example: `output*` (certain output names). Note that it
```

>   matches patterns with all defined output names.

Reviewer: > Note that it matches patterns with all defined output names.

What are we trying to say here? I'm not sure I get this note. Thanks

Author: This one is redundant probably. Nevermind.

  - `dvc repro -R pipelines/`: Directory path to explore recursively for
    `dvc.yaml` files
  - `dvc repro train-model`: Specific stage in `./dvc.yaml`
  - `dvc repro model.pt`: Specific output file or directory listed in

>     `./dvc.yaml` (`outs` field.)

Reviewer: Typo (will commit):
```suggestion
    `./dvc.yaml` (`outs` field)
```

  - `dvc repro modeling/dvc.yaml:prepare`: Stage in a specific `dvc.yaml` file

>   - `dvc repro --glob 'model.??'`: Pattern to match groups of output filenames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `dvc repro --glob feat?.csv`: Pattern to match groups of output files (or
    dirs)
```

>   - `dvc repro --glob-stages 'train-mode?'`: Pattern to match groups of stages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `dvc repro --glob-stages cleaning/dvc.yaml:parse*`: Pattern to match groups
    of stages (by path and name)
```

Author: Question here: Is it intended approach to show commands with globs without putting them inside apostrophes (globs I mean). I don't know how does it work in other shells, but on my machine it will scan for filenames that match before arguments are passed to `dvc repro` command. Should it be like that?

Reviewer: I guess it would need `'`s to avoid the shell's built-in globbing.

- `-R`, `--recursive` - looks for `dvc.yaml` files to reproduce in any
  directories given as `targets`, and in their subdirectories. If there are no
  directories among the targets, this option has no effect.

- `--glob` - causes the `targets` to be interpreted as wildcard
  [patterns](https://docs.python.org/3/library/glob.html) to match for output

>   files and directories. For example: `output*` (certain outputs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  files or directories. For example: `out/*` (all stage outputs inside a
  directory).
```

- `--glob-stages` - causes the `targets` to be interpreted as wildcard
  [patterns](https://docs.python.org/3/library/glob.html) to match for stage
  names. For example: `train-*` (certain stage names) or

>   `models/dvc.yaml:train-*` (stages in specific `dvc.yaml` file). Note that it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `models/dvc.yaml:a*` (some stages in a specific `dvc.yaml` file). Note that it
```
